c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\ASPNETWebAPI.dll.config
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\ASPNETWebAPI.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\ASPNETWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\obj\Debug\ASPNETWebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\obj\Debug\ASPNETWebAPI.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\obj\Debug\ASPNETWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\EmployeeDataAccess.dll
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\EmployeeDataAccess.pdb
c:\users\mycos-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ASPNETWebAPI_demo\ASPNETWebAPI\bin\EmployeeDataAccess.dll.config
